feat(core): Make interval_ms modifiable via VRL (#23217)
vectordotdev/vector: changelog.d/23217_interval_ms_modifiable.feature.md

> Make interval_ms modifiable via VRL. You can now read, write and delete it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VRL programs can now read, write, and delete the `interval_ms` field in metric events.
```
